refactor(progress): progress size (#40903)
ant-design/ant-design: components/progress/index.en-US.md

| success | Configs of successfully progress bar | { percent: number, strokeColor: string } | - |
| trailColor | The color of unfilled part | string | - |
| type | To set the type, options: `line` `circle` `dashboard` | string | `line` |
| size | Progress size | number \| \[number, number] \| "small" \| "default" | "default" |

### `type="line"`

| Property | Description | Type | Default | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| steps | The total step count | number | - | - |
| strokeColor | The color of progress bar, render `linear-gradient` when passing an object, could accept `string[]` when has `steps`. | string \| string[] \| { from: string; to: string; direction: string } | - | 4.21.0: `string[]` |

> | strokeWidth | To set the width of the progress bar, unit: `px` | number | 10 | - |

Reviewer: 这个属性只是废弃了，并不是彻底移除了，所以文档还是留着吧，后面说明一下版本号就行

Author: 1

| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| steps | The total step count | number | - | - |
| strokeColor | The color of progress bar, render `linear-gradient` when passing an object, could accept `string[]` when has `steps`. | string \| string[] \| { from: string; to: string; direction: string } | - | 4.21.0: `string[]` |

> | strokeWidth | To set the width of the progress bar, unit: `px` | number | 10 | before v5.3.0, after v5.3.0 use `size` instead |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| strokeWidth | To set the width of the progress bar, unit: `px` | number | 10 | < 5.3.0 |
```
